Your understanding of this word, uncertainty,
will continue to evolve and mature as you learn more about self-driving cars.
The next section is called,
learning objectives for probability.
And these are sort of a snapshot of what your understanding
of this word should mean after this lesson.
Because these learning objectives,
they're really just a set of questions that you
should be able to answer after this lesson.
And in fact, we're going to show you these questions again later.
We include them at the beginning of this lesson and other lessons in
the Nanodegree as a concrete way of demonstrating what it is you'll be learning.
But you are not expected to be able to answer them yet.
If you can answer all these questions now,
then you should feel free to skip ahead to the next lesson.